Docs v0.18.0 Update llm snippets (#10031)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/api/llm.mdx

> Environments configure a number of inputs and outputs for the LLM. For example, an environment might provide a `Directory`, a `Container`, and a `string` variable. The LLM can use the scalars and the functions of these objects to complete the assigned task.

Reviewer: This needs an additional explanation: what is the connection between an environment and one or more modules

Author: Any suggestions? I'm not sure what I would say beyond what's here. An environment defines inputs and outputs, that's all

Reviewer: I guess I'm confused because before this we mention modules, but in this paragraph we say ` For example, an environment might provide a `Directory`, a `Container`, and a `string` variable.` Should we instead say that `an environment might provide a module` to connect the two ideas?

> The documentation for the Modules are provided to the LLM, so make sure to provide helpful documentation in your Dagger Functions. The LLM should be able to figure out how to use the tools on its own. Don't worry about describing the objects too much in your prompts because it will be redundant with this automatic documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation for the modules are provided to the LLM, so make sure to provide helpful documentation in your Dagger Functions. The LLM should be able to figure out how to use the tools on its own. Don't worry about describing the objects too much in your prompts because it will be redundant with this automatic documentation.
```

We stopped capitalizing modules

> Here, the `ToyWorkspace` is given as an input to the `Env`. It contains a number of Dagger Functions: `Read()`, `Write()`, and `Build()`. When this environment is attached to an `LLM`, the LLM can call any of these Dagger Functions to change the state of the `ToyWorkspace` and complete the assigned task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the `ToyWorkspace` module is attached as an input to the `Env` environment. The module contains a number of Dagger Functions: `Read()`, `Write()`, and `Build()`. When the environment containing this module is attached to an LLM, the LLM can call any of the Dagger Functions to change the state of the `ToyWorkspace` and complete the assigned task.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting this to see if it's clearer?

> In the `Env`, a `ToyWorkspace` called `after` is specified as a desired output of the LLM. This means that the LLM should return the `ToyWorkspace` object as a result of completing its task. The resulting `ToyWorkspace` object is then available for further processing or for use in other Dagger Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Env`, a `ToyWorkspace` instance called `after` is specified as a desired output of the LLM. This means that the LLM should return the `ToyWorkspace` module instance as a result of completing its task. The resulting `ToyWorkspace` object is then available for further processing or for use in other Dagger Functions.
```

Reviewer: I find the terminology a bit confusing - we have environments, modules, objects . I added module instance but I'm not sure this helps.
